648 update readme (#36)
StarbaseCo/starbase-platform-smart-contracts: README.md

This contract creates a token with customized name, symbol and decimals. Upon its creation, the token transfer functionality is paused, that is to say no one is able to trade them. This is possible to be reverted only by the token contract owner - who is the Ethereum address that deployed the token mold contract.
For this contract to work with `TokenSale.sol`, its ownership needs to be passed on to `TokenSale` contract instance that will manage the token sale.

> Note: TokenSale does not need to have this smart contract to operate. It accepts any ERC20 smart contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: TokenSale does not need to have this smart contract to operate. It accepts any ERC20 smart contract with 18 decimals. For minting new tokens: TokenSale must have token contract ownership and token contract must be paused. For transferring existing tokens: Token contract must not be paused.
```

-   Whitelist.sol

It allows the addition and/or removal of addresses to the whitelist registry. Both addition and removal of addresses is done via passing an array of Ethereum addresses to `addManyToWhitelist` and `removeManyFromWhitelist` functions within the contract. Only the contract owner has the ability to trigger such actions.

-   FundsSplitter.sol

> Contract that splits TokenSale funds between Starbase and client. Once deployed, it can serve as `wallet` parameter from the TokenSale contract by adding its the FundsSplitter address in as the `wallet` parameter in the TokenSale `init` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contract that splits TokenSale funds between Starbase and client. Once deployed, it can serve as `wallet` parameter from the TokenSale contract by adding its address in as the `wallet` parameter in the TokenSale `init` function.
```

-   TokenSale.sol

This contract is where the fundraising occurs.

This tokenSale allows for the minting of tokens on the fly or the distribution of tokens that are already minted:

When it mints, the ownership from the deployed CompanyToken contract needs to be passed on to TokenSale contract. This is accomplished via the `transferOwnership` function found in the zeppelin-solidity's `Ownable.sol` contract.

> When it distributes already created tokens, these tokens must be sent to the TokenSale contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it distributes already created tokens, these tokens must be sent to the TokenSale contract and the token contract must not be paused.
```

> A TokenSale is successful once the sales reach the `softCap`. A TokenSale wil not distribute token more than what was defined as the `crowdsaleCap`. Tokens are distributed on the go whether it is minted by the TokenSale or not. It is possible that a project has not reached the `softCap` but tokens were distributed by the TokenSale contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TokenSale is successful once the sales reach the `softCap`. A TokenSale will not distribute token more than what was defined as the `crowdsaleCap`. Tokens are distributed on the go whether it is minted by the TokenSale or not. As long as the project has not reached the `softCap`, tokens are not yet distributed by the TokenSale contract.
```

Participation:

In order for investors to participate in the crowdsale using STARs, they need firstly to approve the transfer of STARs from them to the TokenSale contract. For this, the investor must call the `approve` function from the STAR token contract thus passing the number of STAR tokens it approves to TokenSale so it manages STARs for them during the token purchase event.

Afterwards, investor must trigger `BuyTokens` within TokenSale so the token purchase event goes through. Investor then receives purchased tokens right away.

In case TokenSale mints and distributes token, she will not be able to trade these tokens because token transfers are paused. Tokens need to be unpaused for the transfers to happen and this must be done most likely after the crowdsale is completed by the token owner. Token ownership after the crowdsale must be moved from the TokenSale contract to another Ethereum address, most likely the address of the project owner that is uses Starbase platform for its crowdfunding needs.

> When the TokenSale distributes an ERC20 token, investors receive their tokens immediately.

Author: investors receive their tokens right away, no? The softCap is only to show whether the project was successful or not in the front end and store the ether or STAR in the contract before it goes to FundsSplitter

> When the TokenSale distributes an ERC20 token, investors receive their tokens immediately.

Author: You have mistook for the project owner receives funds only once the soft cap is reached.

> When the TokenSale distributes an ERC20 token, investors receive their tokens immediately.

Reviewer: You are correct, sorry.

> When the TokenSale distributes an ERC20 token, investors receive their tokens immediately.

Author: No worries. I think this can be merged now
